welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain a fantasy thriller
film
called ghost rider 2. a man is shown as
the movie starts
who is asking about a kid going to a
place
he asks a standing man there have that
kid reached here
he replies yes then that man says to him
that kid is not safe here because a
devil is also pursuing him
there is only a place where devil cannot
capture him
and that is an ancient fort and no one
can take him there securely besides
ghost rider but the second man says
no look it will not happen as such
some people attack there when they are
conversing they were same people who
wanted to capture this kid
that man is confused who had come here
to bring this kid
he moves there where the kid was present
going there
he also finds that kid's mother being
frightened
both were not believing anyone so that
mother raises her gun at that man
she asks him to leave this place and let
us go
in the same way she escapes from there
taking a car
but that man also goes after her but
there were also capturers after them who
had come to take this kid
as that man motorbike is in front of the
capturers
those capturers start firing at him
losing his control of motorbike
he begins to fall from the mountain
while falling down he shoots his gun at
them
consequently they also face a car
accident
and they stop there fortunately that man
was saved because of hanging in a tree
after falling from the mountain
then it is shown that mother and kid
drive ahead securely
then the survivor man comes on the scene
now he goes to a deserted place
there was an ancient and lonely looking
house
he notices going inside there is johnny
who was the main character ghost rider
of the part one
he had been living here many miles away
from his house
he had not used his ghost writer powers
for the last eight years
that man says going to him i want to say
something to you
saying it he shows him the photo of that
kid
he says you will have to save him i will
award you what you want in return
ghost writer says surprisingly what will
i want
he says to him you want to get free from
this curse
be a ghost ride only for this night
remember
you will get freed from it forever you
will never be a ghost rider again
as you want it johnny happily agrees
because he was exhausted now
turning himself into ghost rider he goes
for the search of that kid as the night
falls
then a boy is shown who was seized by a
man named kerrigan
and he was abiding by the devil but he
was unaware as it is a devil in reality
because he was going to receive a big
heavy reward later from that devil
at the same time ghost rider also
reaches there
reaching there he begins to beat
everyone with his chain
and he directly goes to that kid but
kerrigan and his men attack him
then he goes away taking that kid
next scene takes place in the hospital
where ghost rider wakes up
there is also the mother of that kid
looking at her that woman
begins to run from there and ghost rider
also goes after her
that woman says furiously while pointing
her gun on him
i neither need your any type of help nor
i trust you
it is better to leave from here johnny
says
putting the gun on his forehead okay
kill me if you don't trust me
it will be better for me to die
witnessing the courage in his
eyes that woman stops and remove her gun
she says to him you had searched out my
son yesterday
will you also search him today johnny
tells
yes i was sensing him yesterday so had
searched him
but i am not sensing him today that
woman is afraid
is there something wrong with my son
johnny says
no don't worry he is alive but i am
unable to sense him
on the other side devil is shown who was
communicating with kerrigan through a
call
kerrigan says to him i was unaware that
my competitor will be the ghost rider
and create the number of troubles
so you will pay me double for this task
devil asks him to bring the kid in
contact with him
as he places receiver on kid's ear the
voice of devil is not heard
but that kid loses his consciousness
after screaming loudly
devil tells on the request of kerrigan
whatever has been said but he cannot
search out kid
take care yourself because he can sense
you and he will surely come to search
for you
it was the cause that ghost rider was
not sensing this kid
ghost rider finds kerrigan on the way as
he leaves with his men and that kid
there is a great fight between them on
the other side
that kid's mother comes then she leaves
taking her son
ghost rider ends everyone and comes to
that lady
and he says there is no difference among
kerrigan
you and me i kill all who have wronged
so keep yourself away until i am ghost
rider
otherwise i will kill you too then he
catches her
then that kid says let my mother go he
lets his mother go on his kid's request
and moves to him but he feels awkward
before heading
and it is shown that he has transformed
into johnny
next day that mother asks johnny when
the three of them are seated
what will we do now then johnny says to
her that we will go to such a safe place
where this kid may survive securely they
still want to capture us
so we will have to be careful and johnny
tells
that man who had come to secure the kid
for the first time
he will accompany us from tomorrow then
it is shown that three of them leave
that place
and that man accompanies them on the way
then the devil is shown who appears at
that place where ghost rider had ended
the assault of men of kid
devil notices everyone dead and kerrigan
is also dying under a rock
he asks going towards him what is the
output of my assigned task
kerrigan says how selfish you are do you
not see that
i am dying devil says to him you will
have to accomplish my assigned task even
at your deathbed
i ward you with many powers saying it
it places its hand on his body at the
first sight
kerrigan is changed to an extent now he
had also taken a devilish look
he had attained multi-powers afterwards
he leaves in search of that kid now it
is shown
that kid's mother had attempted to
commit suicide while jumping off a
building a few years ago
and she was dying at the same time devil
had come to her
it had said i will rescue you but you
will have to give me something in return
and the devil had rescued her while
demanding her expected baby
and the devil will perform a ritual as
the kid reaches his age of 13.
he will move all of his power into that
kid in that ritual
and he will also become a devil with him
on the other side
that mother johnny kid in that manner
shone
they were proceeding to the secure place
where that kid will remain in safety
then it has appeared that while going a
mutual understanding is developed
between johnny and that kid
they are befriended at the beginning
johnny was doing all to get rid from
that curse
but it is clear here that he has started
caring of that kid now
now that location also appears which
pleases johnny
the inhabitants of that place were
looking odd then
johnny and the first rescuer of kid are
talking with each other
johnny asks him which giant has the
domination over me
which devil's powers are in my body that
man tells him is being a priest
he was an angel whose task was to do
justice
he was assigned a duty to punish the
sinners after sending him into the hell
and he turned into the ghost rider and
he has possessed your body
[Music]
then it is shown that johnny is taken at
a place where ghost rider has been taken
out from his body
now he had turned into a normal being
and he was excited
coming outside he notices that man who
had been captured by someone
they were the same people to whom they
had taken that kid
but they say we will have to sacrifice
this kid
because he possesses devilish powers and
this kid is hazard for all of us
that man says to those men don't worry
he cannot harm us today
the fear is of tomorrow when he will
reach the age of 13.
we will have to be careful tomorrow
passing tomorrow
the future will take a turn then no
problem will occur again
but they don't agree with him they say
there is a problem for us until he
survives
saying it they take him outside
kerrigan approaches there as they are
going to cut his throat
having many powers he burns everyone to
death
he brings that kid to devil lifting him
up
then that devil and kid are shown devil
is talking with him lovingly
let's see how old are i am grown frailty
has become the part of my body
look at yourself how clever you are you
have the human powers at one side and
the devilish powers on the other side
because your mother is human and you are
the son of mine
then he says is being aged how can i
bear these powers
but your body will be strengthened
taking these powers
he was saying so because he was wanting
to be stronger while transferring his
soul and powers into him
afterwards he brings that child at that
place after injecting the kid
where all this happening was going to
occur i'll start performing the ritual
there
and the magical awkward words are spoken
before that kid
that child was about to be enchanted to
some extent
he was coming under their control he
also begins to utter the same words
meanwhile johnny kid's mother and that
man also approach there
both johnny and that man move inside the
fort while that mother is firing her gun
on those who are blocking her way
that man says to johnny go and save that
kid
i will be responsible for the rest of
things johnny goes to save that kid
but he observes this ritual is going to
be performed completely
he hits the devil with his fist running
fastly
that devil falls down as being aged he
runs to the kid and says
come with me hurriedly but that kid was
involved in them so does not respond
then it is shown that johnny's hand
itself began to twist
and the devil strikes a blow to him
raising from the backside
and he falls away then that man comes on
the scene who was with johnny
he was fighting with all of them at the
same time
kerrigan also arrives who is devil now
regretfully he kills that man after that
he moves to johnny but johnny quickly
says to that kid
oh son it is not your reality understand
it
you are a human being control yourself
but that kid says to the devil going to
him you have called me your son
i will be the same son as you wish
coming to johnny
he begins to throw the fire on his face
from his mouth
in the same way his powers of ghost
rider begin to restore
here johnny had completely transformed
into the ghost rider
but devil and kerrigan leave that place
taking that kid
there are a number of the people with
them pursuing them
ghost rider starts to kill all of them
hitting kerrigan violently
he starts chasing the devil ghost rider
sticks his chain in that car in which
the devil was carrying the kid
he pulls it forcefully as a result their
car
turns upside down devil gradually begins
to come outside from that car
and ghost rider also comes beside him
fastening with his chain
ghost rider bounces it in the air and
smashes on the ground
afterwards he starts thrusting into the
ground
at last the devil is dead here and
damned into hell
in this way that kid's mother comes to
her kid while running
but she observes the ghost rider is
there she is frightened to be killed by
him
but ghost rider hands over the kid
taking him out from the car
he also turns into a normal being johnny
along with it
and his hand begins emitting the blue
fire that was red fire before
it he says to her i am feeling positive
energy in me
that kid comes into his senses as he
places his hand on the kid's mouth
that kid asks ghost rider had we won
then ghost rider says yes son we have
won
afterwards johnny is shown who rides on
his bike
there was the blue fire instead of the
red fire where his bike was passing
it means johnny has restored his genuine
powers
now he will shield the human beings as
before he will not only rescue people in
daylight but also at night
the movie ends along with it subscribe
for watch more video
turn on notification don't forget to
like comment and share
thank you for watching